docs: Add initial usage docs for basestore (#18658)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/basestore.md

# Developing a store

> Code that interacts directly with a Postgres instance should be grouped and hidden behind a `Store` boundary. This enables a separation of concerns between our data access layer and the rest of the application logic. Consumers of such a store should rely on an interface type mirroring the methods from the target store that are of use to the consumer, allowing a mock to be substituted into the concrete store's place in unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code that interacts directly with a Postgres instance should be grouped and hidden behind a `Store` abstraction. This enables a separation of concerns between our data access layer and the rest of the application logic. Consumers of such a store should rely on an _interface_ with the methods from the target store that are used, allowing a mock to be substituted into the concrete store's place in unit tests.
```

The following behaviors should be implemented over all stores:

#### Transactions

> Stores should enable _transactional execution_ over a set of operations. This ensures that if one operation fails then no other operations within the same transaction were visible to an external observer.

Reviewer: * not clear what an operation is
* not clear what an external observer is

Author: ```suggestion
Stores should enable _transactional execution_ over a set of queries to ensure that if one query in a set fails that any observable effects are rolled back.
```

Reviewer: Much clearer, thank you!

```go
func DoSomethingAtomic(ctx context.Context, store *MyStore) (err error) {
	// Create a new transaction context. tx should be the same type as myStore,
	// but with a new underlying transaction handle instead of a bare connection.
	// Nested transactions are implemented via savepoints.

	tx, err := myStore.Transact(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	defer func() {
		// On exit of the function, rollback the transaction if err != nil and commit
		// it otherwise. If an error occurs during transaction finalization, the given
		// error will be modified to reflect the additional error.
		err = tx.Done(err)
	}

	if err := tx.FirstOperation(ctx); err != nil {
		return err
	}
	if err := tx.SecondOperation(ctx); err != nil {
		return err
	}

	return nil
}
```

#### Sharing underlying handles

We implement several store implementations rather than combining all Postgres-related behavior into a single struct to reap several benefits:

1. Higher cohesion and better understandability/maintainability of each store
1. Better code isolation between teams/features (repo store vs codeintel store)

> 1. We target more than one physical database instance (codeintel/codeinsights dbs are separate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We target more than one physical database instance (main app / codeintel / codeinsights DBs are separate)
```

This creates a new problem around two stores _interacting_ when more than one store is required in a single code path. Stores should enable a way to borrow the underlying handle of another store instance so that they can operate within the same transaction context.

```go
func DoSomethingAtomicOverTwoStores(ctx context.Context, store *MyStore, otherStore *MyOtherStore) (err error) {
	tx, err := myStore.Transact(ctx)
	if err != nil {
		return err
	}
	defer func() {
		err = tx.Done(err)
	}

	if err := tx.Operation(ctx); err != nil {
		return err
	}

	// OtherOperation executes with the underlying handle of tx
	if err := otherStore.With(tx).OtherOperation(ctx); err != nil {
		return err
	}

	return nil
}
```

**Note**: This is not well-defined over two stores targeting a different physical database.

## Using *basestore.Store

> The [`Store`](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@v3.25.0/-/blob/internal/database/basestore/store.go#L37:6) struct defined in [github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/internal/database/basestore](https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@v3.25.0/-/tree/internal/database/basestore) can be used to quickly bootstrap the base functionalities described above.

Reviewer: suggest linking to searches instead

Author: I'll update these as well as other code intel links in batch.
